Feature/eidomni 1130 (#372)
swiyu-admin-ch/swiyu-verifier: documentation/verification_process.md

}
```

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > The following example about vqps (Verification Query Public Statement) is still under development and needs additional configuration. Please do not use it until further notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following example about vqps (Verification Query Public Statement) is under development and requires additional configuration. Please do not use it until further notice.
```

        "client_name#fr": "French name (all regions)",
        "client_name#de-DE": "German name (region Germany)",
        "logo_uri": "www.example.com/logo.png",
        "client_name#en": "English name (all regions)",
        "logo_uri#fr": "www.example.com/logo_fr.png",
        "client_name": "Fallback name",
        "client_id": "decentralized_identifier:did:example:12345",
        "vp_formats": {
            "jwt_vp": {
                "jwt_vp": {
                    "alg": [
                        "ES256"
                    ]
                }
            }
        },
        "response_mode": "direct_post.jwt"
    }
}
```

In this response you find several important claims which are used in the next steps:
- `response_uri`: The URL to which the wallet must send the presentation or refusal.
- `state`: The oauth-state value that must be sent back to the Verifier Service.
- `nonce`: The nonce value that must be sent back as part of the key-binding to the Verifier Service.
- `encrypted_response_enc_values_supported`: The encryption algorithms supported by the Verifier Service. The wallet must use one of these algorithms to encrypt the presentation before sending it.

> - `client_id`: The DID of the Verifier Service. This value must be used as the `aud` claim in the key-binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_metadata.client_id`: The DID of the Verifier Service. This value must be used as the `aud` claim in the key-binding.
```
To make it a bit clearer, that it's not a root property.
